{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green9\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green73\blue255;
\red8\green76\blue198;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c3137\c3137\c3529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c3137\c40000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c39216\c81961;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Even I started watching Korean dramas. Is it not Korean? President changed offices really bad.\cb1 \
\cb3 Netflix broadcast "ZhiYi Mountain". When I saw the title, I was curious to see it. I was immediately attracted by the big scene of Zhiy "Korean people's courage originates from this mountain" The stone tablet at the summit reads the status of the god mountain in the hearts of Koreans.\cb1 \
\cb3 The main peak of Zhiyi Mountain, Tianwang Feng (1915M), is the first peak in South Korea, and together with Mount Kong and Mount Hanghu, are known as the three sacred mountains of The first peak of the Shen Mountain, such a mountain should be called the star of the Korean peninsula, and must have a special dragon's status in Feng Shui.\cb1 \
\cb3 In order to understand this mountain, the soul of the map is on the body again, download the satellite picture of South Korea, carefully draw the water system map, originally just to see the mountain of Zhiyi, painting the whole picture of Korea for three days, this picture is actually useless, but in the process of drawing the landscape of South Korea has been visited by me once, and after doing such homework, there is often a kind of heart to come out.\cb1 \
\cb3 The mountain range of the Korean Peninsula is from the Changbai Mountain, known by the Koreans as the Baektou Mountain (2744M). The Great Baek Mountains are located on the eastern side of the peninsula near the Sea of Japan from north to south, from north to south to Busan.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Great White Mountains are divided into a veins to the southwest to the Zhiyi Mountain, called the Little White Mountain, which is a geographical distinction. In the traditional peninsula, the two highest peaks, Baigou Mountain, the connection between the northern and southern peaks of the peninsula is called the "Baihead Big Tran" This 1400 km long mountain range is the backbone of the Korean peninsula. The big trunk means the big trunk. The Korean people regard this dragon as the origin\cb1 \
\cb3 There are three south-west-bound branches in the Dabai Mountain Range. From north to south, the Pyongyang Dragon Range, Seoul Dragon Range, and Zhixi Mountain Dragon Range. At the end of the Dabai Mountain Range is the Hong Kong city of Busan. Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea, Seoul is the capital of South Korea, and Busan is the second largest city in South Korea. These three cities are located at the end of the kanlong Yangji cave. Only Zhiyishan has become the birthplace of South Korea's popularity in the state of the peninsula, and spiritual connection is also one of the functions of dragon veins.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Korean peninsula is hilly and hilly, with complex and beautiful landscape, the Korean dynasty also has a unique Fengshui culture, the hills of Korea are less developed and the topography is roughly complete, the most use of the hills is as a cemetery, the long history of Fengshui use has left numerous tombs in the hilly area, most of which exist independently with relatively small groups of large cemeteries. Because of the importance of Fengshui, mountaineering w\cb1 \
\cb3 On the whole, Zhiyi Mountain as the end point of the mountain, the dragon veins that fall from Zhiyi Mountain must have the first pattern of the Korean Peninsula, it will not be too difficult to find it, but it is not necessary, this level of land is reserved as the treasure of the Korean town country, continue to produce the courage of the Korean people.\cb1 \
\cb3 Take a look at the panoramic view of the peninsula, Pyongyang, Busan draw a link, pass through Seoul impartially. Fun! The three major cities on the peninsula are connected in one line and the magic axis, I'm just saying... Dragon veins are a design! Zhiyi Mountain outside the connection, if you go to South Korea, you must go around the mountain and climb to the top of the Tian Wang Peak.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Peacock Garden location is called the dragon veins, the oyster is the small place of the mountain.\cb1 \
\cb3 Why is there a problem? Simply put, it is to sort out the ground gas that rovers in the dragon veins, just like holding down the water pipe to reduce the diameter, the water flow becomes thinner but the flow speed is increased, and the ground gas is concentrated and strong.\cb1 \
\cb3 So where will it be?\cb1 \
\cb3 1. When the dragon mountain body is converted from rough to beautiful mountain shape, the transformation will be over.\cb1 \
\cb3 Second, before the dragon branch, the dragon branch is the ancestor mountain of the dragon or the small ancestor mountain of the dragon, and the peak will be raised, and the peak will be passed before the peak\cb1 \
\cb3 Third, after the dragon veins branch, separate the branch of the dragon and separate the ground gas, the dragon veins will continue to operate, stating that the dragon qi has not stopped the main trunk is still traveling far away, this has the effect of separating the stem branches and whole the artery.\cb1 \
\cb3 Fourth, before the dragon veins acupuncture, the concentrated ground gas across the main mountain condensed in the acupuncture field.\cb1 \
\cb3 Overwhelming is an important element in recognizing the branch, primary and secondary, and movement of the dragon veins. Although the ground is strong, it is a flowable breath. It is not if the acupuncture field is peaceful and restless. It is not appropriate to build a house when it comes to passing through. Moreover, the dragon veins are the most important place, the surrounding mountain structures will be closely protected and cannot be destroyed!\cb1 \
\cb3 The mountain behind the Peacock Garden is the branch of the fish pond dragon. After the division of the dragon, the crossing is at the door of the Peacock Garden. If I had the choice, I would never build a house here.\cb1 \
\cb3 I don't think the Peacock Garden hotel will succeed\cb1 \
\cb3 Because the peacock garden is sitting on the dragon veins\cb1 \
\cb3 This dragon range is from Sun Moon Lake Water Society Big Mountain to Cat Mountain, collection of mountains, famous to the Baja Mountain Range\cb1 \
\cb3 This dragon veins spread throughout Changhua and half of Nantou county\cb1 \
\cb3 He is a dry dragon\cb1 \
\cb3 Look at no private large structures on this dragon veins\cb1 \
\cb3 Peacock Garden is no exception\cb1 \
\cb3 Also, there is a place to go through, and the over is not a good place to build a house. \
\
Drawing maps is my way of traveling a region of dragon veins\cb1 \
\cb3 Mountain and water system intertwined dragon landscape\cb1 \
\cb3 The movement of the dragon veins is separated from the main flow to the tributary.\cb1 \
\cb3 Large-scale landscape and water situation constructs the key area of regional closure\cb1 \
\cb3 Saying that God's journey is indeed a journey\cb1 \
\cb3 Real picture of landscape focus on the picture\cb1 \
\cb3 The consciousness of the landscape will also meet the consciousness of the people.\cb1 \
\cb3 A picture could be the result of dozens of days\cb1 \
\cb3 Every picture has something to express\cb1 \
\cb3 Process is uncertain\cb1 \
\cb3 Some kind of experience will appear when the drawing is done\cb1 \
\cb3 This map of the water system of the Yangjiang River was attracted by the map of the Yangjiang River posted by Fucha Facebook half a\cb1 \
\cb3 The tree of the river is gradually finished from top to bottom\cb1 \
\cb3 But for a moment the hand was broken and it was impossible to recover.\cb1 \
\cb3 I've been painting on and off for ten days\cb1 \
\cb3 Leave an unfinished picture\cb1 \
\cb3 The Chinese dragon veins may not be with me\cb1 \
\cb3 It is impossible to step on Middle East in this life\cb1 \
\cb3 Don't even have to travel\
\
\uc0\u30887 \u38642 \u34892 \u31146 4-2\u65306 \u21516 \u34892 \u21892 \u21451 \u31687 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u27794 \u26377 \u36889 \u19968 \u32676 \u20154 \u21516 \u34892 \u65292 \u25105 \u33258 \u24049 \u32085 \u23565 \u28961 \u27861 \u36208 \u23436 \u36889 \u36255 101\u20844 \u37324 \u30340 \u22235 \u22825 \u34892 \u31146 \u36335 \u31243 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E9%A0%98%E9%9A%8A%E5%90%B3%E6%98%8E%E6%86%B2%E8%80%81%E5%B8%AB?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u38936 \u38538 \u21555 \u26126 \u25010 \u32769 \u24107 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u21555 \u26126 \u25010 \u32769 \u24107 \u26159 \u36889 \u27425 \u34892 \u31146 \u30340 \u20027 \u36774 \u20154 \u65292 \u20063 \u26159 \u36889 \u25903 \u38538 \u20237 \u30340 \u38728 \u39746 \u20154 \u29289 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u20182 \u36208 \u36335 \u30340 \u27493 \u20240 \u22343 \u36895 \u12289 \u31337 \u20581 \u65292 \u35441 \u19981 \u22810 \u30340 \u20182 \u36996 \u26377 \u33879 \u36229 \u24375 \u30340 \u24515 \u24615 \u33287 \u23450 \u21147 \u65292 \u20598 \u29246 \u20572 \u19979 \u33139 \u27493 \u65292 \u28858 \u25105 \u20497 \u31777 \u20171 \u21335 \u21488 \u28771 \u22320 \u24418 \u30340 \u28436 \u35722 \u12289 \u22320 \u35980 \u30340 \u26356 \u36845 \u65292 \u35442 \u22312 \u21738 \u20491 \u40670 \u22810 \u20572 \u30041 \u19968 \u26371 \u20241 \u25001 \u20860 \u36062 \u26223 \u65292 \u35442 \u22312 \u21738 \u20491 \u36681 \u25240 \u40670 \u24398 \u36914 \u24055 \u24324 \u23567 \u24465 \u65292 \u27599 \u22825 \u35442 \u36208 \u22810 \u20037 \u30340 \u37324 \u31243 \u25976 ....\u65292 \u37117 \u26159 \u20182 \u22810 \u24180 \u27784 \u28024 \u22312 \u21488 \u28771 \u40845 \u33032 \u25506 \u31350 \u20013 \u65292 \u23526 \u25171 \u23526 \u36208 \u20986 \u20358 \u30340 \u32147 \u27511 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u31532 \u19977 \u22825 \u30340 \u26202 \u19978 \u65292 \u32893 \u23436 \u25152 \u26377 \u20154 \u30340 \u34892 \u33139 \u20998 \u20139 \u24460 \u65292 \u20182 \u35498 \u30070 \u33258 \u24049 \u28858 \u20102 \u36889 \u36255 \u34892 \u31146 \u28310 \u20633 \u22909 \u25152 \u26377 \u30340 \u20107 \u21069 \u24037 \u20316 \u65292 \u35201 \u20986 \u30332 \u38283 \u22987 \'93\u36208 \'94\u20102 \u65292 \u20839 \u24515 \u21453 \u32780 \u38283 \u22987 \u25812 \u24515 \u12300 \u33258 \u24049 \u31350 \u31455 \u33021 \u24118 \u32102 \u22823 \u23478 \u20160 \u40636 \u65311 \u12301 \u65292 \u25152 \u24184 \u24478 \u22823 \u23478 \u30340 \u35441 \u35486 \u20013 \u20182 \u24471 \u21040 \u20102 \u31572 \u26696 \u65292 \u20063 \u30456 \u20449 \u19968 \u36335 \u19978 \u25033 \u31077 \u31062 \u24107 \u32102 \u20182 \u30340 \u25351 \u24341 \u65292 \u27599 \u20491 \u20154 \u21482 \u35201 \u39000 \u24847 \u38283 \u22987 \u36367 \u19978 \u36889 \u26781 \u36335 \u65292 \u32066 \u31350 \u21487 \u20197 \u25214 \u21040 \u33258 \u24049 \u30456 \u25033 \u30340 \u31150 \u29289 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u26368 \u24460 \u19968 \u20056 \u36865 \u25105 \u20497 \u21040 \u39640 \u37941 \u21488 \u21335 \u31449 \u30340 \u36938 \u35261 \u36554 \u19978 \u65292 \u21555 \u32769 \u24107 \u35498 \u27492 \u27425 \u26159 \u33457 \u20102 \u20182 \u30050 \u29983 \u30340 \u21151 \u21147 \u22312 \u35215 \u21123 \u36889 \u27425 \u34892 \u31146 \u12290 \u25105 \u30456 \u20449 \u65281 \u38500 \u20102 \u25152 \u26377 \u34892 \u31243 \u30340 \u32048 \u31680 \u35373 \u35336 \u65292 \u36996 \u26377 \u27599 \u20491 \u31449 \u40670 \u20986 \u21205 \u30340 \u20154 \u21147 \u65292 \u32317 \u32317 \u21152 \u20056 \u25165 \u24471 \u20197 \u25104 \u23601 \u36889 \u36255 \u26397 \u32854 \u20043 \u26053 \u65292 \u26377 \u24418 \u30340 \u12289 \u28961 \u24418 \u30340 \u36039 \u31975 \u37117 \u19981 \u26371 \u24179 \u30333 \u20986 \u29694 \u65292 \u37117 \u38656 \u35201 \u19979 \u21151 \u22827 \u32147 \u29151 \u21644 \u32047 \u31309 \u30340 \u65292 \u23565 \u27492 \u25105 \u24515 \u20013 \u20805 \u28415 \u24863 \u24681 \u33287 \u24863 \u21205 \u65374 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E5%A3%93%E9%9A%8A%E5%BB%96%E5%90%91%E8%8A%83%E8%80%81%E5%B8%AB?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u22739 \u38538 \u24278 \u21521 \u33411 \u32769 \u24107 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u22240 \u28858 \u33151 \u30171 \u33853 \u38538 \u65292 \u32780 \u26377 \u27231 \u26371 \u25509 \u35320 \u21040 \u25490 \u22312 \u38538 \u20237 \u26368 \u24460 \u38754 \u30340 \u24278 \u21521 \u33411 \u32769 \u24107 \u65292 \u30456 \u36611 \u26044 \u38936 \u38538 \u30340 \u31337 \u23450 \u65292 \u36889 \u20491 \u22739 \u38538 \u30340 \u20154 \u38656 \u35201 \u30340 \u26159 \u26356 \u22810 \u30340 \u24392 \u24615 \u20197 \u31337 \u20303 \u36557 \u24515 \u65292 \u32317 \u19981 \u33021 \u32769 \u20197 \u12300 \u21152 \u27833 \u65281 \u12301 \u35201 \u21029 \u20154 \u25744 \u19979 \u21435 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u38500 \u20102 \u32879 \u32363 \u30456 \u38364 \u20107 \u21209 \u65292 \u38538 \u20237 \u20013 \u26377 \u20154 \u38795 \u30772 \u20102 \u12289 \u33139 \u24213 \u30772 \u30382 \u20102 \u12289 \u36208 \u19981 \u21205 \u20102 \u65292 \u19981 \u21516 \u33853 \u38538 \u32773 \u30340 \u21508 \u31278 \u38656 \u35201 \u65292 \u20182 \u24471 \u35519 \u24230 \u22296 \u38538 \u20013 \u30340 \u32769 \u25163 \u19968 \u19968 \u21332 \u21161 \u20811 \u26381 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u22312 \u25105 \u25481 \u38538 \u30340 \u38957 \u19968 \u27425 \u65292 \u20182 \u21644 \u25105 \u32842 \u36215 \u36208 \u36889 \u36255 \u34892 \u31146 \u30340 \u24847 \u32681 \u65292 \u27794 \u26377 \u27161 \u28310 \u31572 \u26696 \u65292 \u23601 \u20687 \u20154 \u29983 \u19968 \u27171 \u65292 \u35201 \u30693 \u36947 \u33258 \u24049 \u36208 \u36889 \u19968 \u36973 \u35201 \u21435 \u21738 \u35041 \u65311 \u25105 \u35498 \u25033 \u35442 \u27599 \u20491 \u20154 \u37117 \u30693 \u36947 \u21543 \u65292 \u25105 \u20497 \u36889 \u36255 \u34892 \u33139 \u30340 \u32066 \u40670 \u19981 \u23601 \u26159 \u35201 \u21435 \u30887 \u38642 \u23546 \u21966 \u65307 \u20182 \u21839 \u65292 \u37027 \u20063 \u21487 \u20197 \u30452 \u25509 \u25645 \u36554 \u21040 \u23601 \u22909 \u65292 \u28858 \u20309 \u35201 \u29992 \u36208 \u30340 \u65311 \u25152 \u20197 \u35201 \u28165 \u26970 \u33258 \u24049 \u28858 \u20309 \u12300 \u36208 \u12301 \u36889 \u19968 \u26781 \u36335 \u65292 \u21542 \u21063 \u36935 \u21040 \u22256 \u38627 \u24456 \u23481 \u26131 \u23601 \u26371 \u36984 \u25799 \u25918 \u26820 \u12290 \u34892 \u33139 \u22235 \u22825 \u36935 \u21040 \u30340 \u36523 \u39636 \u30140 \u30171 \u65292 \u23601 \u20687 \u20182 \u35498 \u30340 \u20154 \u29983 \u30340 \u22256 \u22659 \u65292 \u38754 \u23565 \u20102 \u23601 \u36942 \u21435 \u20102 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u35258 \u24471 \u20182 \u36319 \u21555 \u32769 \u24107 \u30495 \u26159 \u32085 \u37197 \u25645 \u27284 \u65281 \u26159 \u21834 \u65292 \u22739 \u38538 \u30340 \u20182 \u29992 \u19968 \u38982 \u26580 \u36575 \u32780 \u22533 \u23450 \u30340 \u24515 \u65292 \u21628 \u25033 \u33879 \u27599 \u20491 \u30456 \u36935 \u30340 \u12289 \u26283 \u26178 \u33853 \u38538 \u30340 \u20154 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E4%BB%A4%E4%BA%BA%E6%AC%BD%E4%BD%A9%E7%9A%84%E5%A8%98%E5%AD%90%E8%BB%8D?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u20196 \u20154 \u27453 \u20329 \u30340 \u23064 \u23376 \u36557 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u30495 \u30340 \u24456 \u20329 \u26381 \u36208 \u22312 \u38538 \u20237 \u21069 \u38754 \u30340 \u23064 \u23376 \u36557 \u65292 \u22905 \u20497 \u19968 \u36335 \u32202 \u36319 \u33879 \u38936 \u38538 \u21555 \u32769 \u24107 \u30340 \u33139 \u27493 \u65292 \u19981 \u30142 \u19981 \u24464 \u22320 \u24448 \u21069 \u36208 \u12290 \u26377 \u20154 \u35498 \u36208 \u22312 \u38538 \u20237 \u21069 \u38754 \u65292 \u24863 \u21463 \u21555 \u32769 \u24107 \u30340 \u33021 \u37327 \u65292 \u21487 \u20197 \u24118 \u33879 \u20320 \u36629 \u30408 \u32233 \u27493 \u30340 \u21521 \u21069 \u34892 \u65281 \u22825 \u30693 \u36947 \u25105 \u20063 \u24819 \u21834 \u65292 \u20294 \u23601 \u26159 \u36523 \u24515 \u19981 \u21512 \u19968 \u65292 \u22823 \u33151 \u19981 \u32893 \u20351 \u21914 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u19968 \u30452 \u20197 \u28858 \u22823 \u23478 \u37117 \u26159 \u24120 \u24120 \u22312 \u36208 \u36335 \u30340 \u20581 \u34892 \u36557 \u65292 \u21040 \u20102 \u22812 \u23487 \u25499 \u21934 \u30340 \u36890 \u33302 \u19978 \u65292 \u25165 \u30693 \u36947 \u24456 \u22810 \u20154 \u20063 \u26159 \u36889 \u35041 \u30140 \u12289 \u37027 \u35041 \u30171 \u65292 \u20854 \u23526 \u22823 \u23478 \u37117 \u26159 \u24525 \u33879 \u29273 \u19981 \u21710 \u32882 \u65292 \u22533 \u23432 \u33879 \u34892 \u31146 \u38748 \u40664 \u30340 \u28507 \u35215 \u21063 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u38614 \u28982 \u36319 \u19981 \u19978 \u65292 \u20294 \u22987 \u32066 \u30475 \u24471 \u35211 \u65307 \u30475 \u24471 \u35211 \u25918 \u22312 \u24515 \u19978 \u65292 \u20063 \u23601 \u21487 \u20197 \u24930 \u24930 \u36319 \u19978 \u20102 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E8%A2%AB%E8%AA%A4%E6%9C%83%E6%98%AF%E5%9C%8B%E4%B8%AD%E7%94%9F%E7%9A%84%E5%B0%8F%E5%A5%B3%E7%94%9F?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u34987 \u35492 \u26371 \u26159 \u22283 \u20013 \u29983 \u30340 \u23567 \u22899 \u29983 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u38538 \u20237 \u35041 \u26377 \u19968 \u20301 \u38754 \u23481 \u24118 \u40670 \u31258 \u27683 \u30340 \u24180 \u36629 \u20154 \u65292 \u36319 \u33879 \u23229 \u23229 \u19968 \u36215 \u20358 \u30340 \u65292 \u19968 \u38283 \u22987 \u25105 \u20197 \u28858 \u22905 \u26159 \u22283 \u39640 \u20013 \u29983 \u65292 \u24515 \u24819 \u30495 \u26159 \u19981 \u31777 \u21934 \u21834 \u65292 \u39000 \u24847 \u21443 \u21152 \u36889 \u31278 \u30475 \u20284 \u21934 \u35519 \u28961 \u32842 \u30340 \u36208 \u36335 \u34892 \u31243 \u65292 \u25563 \u25104 \u25105 \u20818 \u23376 \u29992 \u37325 \u37329 \u31150 \u32856 \u20182 \u20063 \u19981 \u39000 \u24847 \u20358 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u22905 \u20598 \u29246 \u20063 \u26371 \u36208 \u22312 \u38538 \u20237 \u30340 \u24460 \u38754 \u65292 \u20294 \u22905 \u19981 \u26159 \u36319 \u19981 \u19978 \u32780 \u33853 \u38538 \u65292 \u21453 \u20498 \u26159 \u33258 \u20027 \u24860 \u24847 \u22320 \u21069 \u24460 \u20358 \u22238 \u31359 \u26797 \u65292 \u36629 \u30408 \u27493 \u23653 \u19981 \u30001 \u22320 \u20196 \u25105 \u31281 \u32680 \u12300 \u24180 \u36629 \u30495 \u22909 \u12301 \u65281 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u20581 \u35527 \u30340 \u22905 \u65292 \u36319 \u20219 \u20309 \u20154 \u37117 \u21487 \u20197 \u32842 \u19978 \u24190 \u21477 \u65292 \u22905 \u20063 \u20027 \u21205 \u33287 \u25105 \u20114 \u21205 \u65292 \u25165 \u30693 \u36947 \u22905 \u21482 \u26377 10\u27506 \u65292 \u35435 \u30064 \u19981 \u24050 \u12290 \u24478 \u22905 \u25104 \u29087 \u30340 \u24605 \u32771 \u33287 \u34920 \u36948 \u65292 \u25105 \u25512 \u20272 \u36889 \u23401 \u23376 \u26371 \u33287 \u29694 \u34892 \u25945 \u32946 \u39636 \u21046 \u19981 \u30456 \u23481 \u65292 \u26524 \u19981 \u20854 \u28982 \u65292 \u25165 \u23567 \u20116 \u23601 \u24050 \u32147 \u36681 \u23416 \u20116 \u27425 \u65292 \u21704 \u21704 \u36996 \u27604 \u25105 \u20818 \u23376 \u22810 \u20841 \u27425 \u12290 \u21363 \u20415 \u22914 \u27492 \u65292 \u22905 \u20173 \u27138 \u35264 \u38283 \u26391 \u30340 \u35498 \u65292 \u22312 \u23416 \u26657 \u24456 \u38283 \u24515 \u35469 \u35672 \u20102 \u19981 \u23569 \u21516 \u23416 \u65292 \u25104 \u28858 \u35201 \u22909 \u30340 \u26379 \u21451 \u65281 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u36889 \u25903 \u34892 \u31146 \u38538 \u20237 \u65292 \u22240 \u28858 \u22905 \u32780 \u27243 \u29983 \u19981 \u23569 \u36259 \u21619 \u21644 \u31505 \u32882 \u65292 \u36889 \u20123 \u21460 \u21460 \u20271 \u20271 \u20497 \u65292 \u24456 \u26371 \u36887 \u22905 \u35342 \u38283 \u24515 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E5%88%86%E4%BA%AB%E6%9C%9D%E8%81%96%E7%B6%93%E9%A9%97%E7%9A%84%E6%A5%8A%E8%80%81%E5%B8%AB?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u20998 \u20139 \u26397 \u32854 \u32147 \u39511 \u30340 \u26954 \u32769 \u24107 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u31532 \u19968 \u22825 \u19979 \u21320 \u24038 \u22823 \u33151 \u22806 \u20596 \u38283 \u22987 \u30140 \u30171 \u65292 \u19968 \u24230 \u36234 \u36208 \u36234 \u24930 \u36855 \u33579 \u65292 \u36523 \u39636 \u30130 \u24970 \u21576 \u29694 \u21322 \u30561 \u21322 \u37266 \u29376 \u24907 \u12290 \u25104 \u22823 \u26954 \u32769 \u24107 \u25033 \u35442 \u26159 \u25812 \u24515 \u25105 \u30340 \u23433 \u21361 \u65292 \u24597 \u25105 \u30495 \u30340 \u30561 \u33879 \u20102 \u65292 \u20027 \u21205 \u20358 \u36319 \u25105 \u25856 \u35527 \u65292 \u35731 \u25105 \u20445 \u25345 \u28165 \u37266 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u20182 \u21839 \u25105 \u28858 \u20309 \u26371 \u20358 \u21443 \u21152 \u36889 \u27963 \u21205 \u65311 \u25105 \u35498 \u36215 \u24515 \u21205 \u24565 \u22987 \u26044 \u22235 \u22283 \u36941 \u36335 \u65292 \u26044 \u26159 \u20182 \u20998 \u20139 \u20102 \u33258 \u24049 \u20841 \u27425 \u21040 \u35199 \u29677 \u29273 \u26397 \u32854 \u30340 \u32147 \u27511 \u65292 \u20841 \u27425 \u36335 \u32218 \u19981 \u21516 \u12289 \u26041 \u24335 \u19981 \u21516 \u65292 \u19968 \u27425 \u36319 \u22296 \u12289 \u19968 \u27425 \u29544 \u34892 \u65292 \u24460 \u32773 \u36942 \u31243 \u38614 \u28982 \u19981 \u26159 \u37027 \u40636 \u38918 \u21033 \u65292 \u20294 \u26368 \u24460 \u37117 \u33021 \u26377 \u39514 \u28961 \u38570 \u22320 \u21270 \u35299 \u65292 \u22240 \u27492 \u29544 \u26053 \u30041 \u19979 \u20102 \u36611 \u28145 \u21051 \u30340 \u24863 \u21463 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u24456 \u24950 \u24184 \u65292 \u36889 \u36255 \u34892 \u31146 \u35731 \u25105 \u26356 \u35469 \u35672 \u30340 \u36523 \u39636 \u65292 \u38626 \u33021 \u21435 \u36941 \u36335 \u30340 \u26781 \u20214 \u36996 \u24046 \u24471 \u36960 \u65292 \u21542 \u21063 \u22312 \u30064 \u22320 \u21487 \u26377 \u33510 \u38957 \u21487 \u22160 \u20102 \u65281 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u25925 \u20107 \u32893 \u33879 \u32893 \u33879 \u65292 \u33139 \u20284 \u20046 \u20063 \u27794 \u37027 \u40636 \u30140 \u20102 ......\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E7%82%BA%E8%B3%BD%E9%B4%BF%E4%BF%AE%E6%B3%95%E8%AB%8B%E5%91%BD%E7%9A%84%E9%99%B3%E8%91%A3?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 #\uc0\u28858 \u36093 \u40255 \u20462 \u27861 \u35531 \u21629 \u30340 \u38515 \u33891 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u38515 \u33891 \u65292 \u19968 \u20491 \u22823 \u27683 \u21448 \u20439 \u27683 \u30340 \u21517 \u23383 \u65292 \u20182 \u26159 \u36864 \u20241 \u35686 \u23519 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u31532 \u20108 \u22825 \u25105 \u38283 \u22987 \u25302 \u33879 \u33139 \u36208 \u36335 \u65292 \u36208 \u36335 \u23039 \u24907 \u27498 \u26012 \u21040 \u35504 \u37117 \u30475 \u30340 \u20986 \u12300 \u24555 \u19981 \u34892 \u20102 \u12301 \u12290 \u38515 \u33891 \u20027 \u21205 \u19978 \u21069 \u25171 \u27683 \u65292 \u21578 \u35380 \u25105 \u20182 \u26366 \u32147 \u33136 \u20663 \u33139 \u30171 \u21040 \u20841 \u24180 \u28961 \u27861 \u30561 \u35258 \u65292 \u25165 \u30693 \u36947 \u20182 \u22240 \u28858 \u36523 \u28858 \u21729 \u35686 \u32780 \u20570 \u30340 \u21508 \u31278 \u26580 \u36947 \u12289 \u25684 \u35282 ...\u31561 \u35347 \u32244 \u65292 \u22240 \u23039 \u21218 \u19981 \u27491 \u30906 \u35731 \u20182 \u36523 \u39636 \u22810 \u34389 \u21463 \u20663 \u37679 \u20301 \u32780 \u38627 \u20197 \u20837 \u30496 \u65292 \u27599 \u36913 \u25512 \u25343 \u20013 \u37291 \u27835 \u30274 \u21040 \u23601 \u30149 \u25104 \u33391 \u37291 \u65292 \u33258 \u24049 \u37117 \u21487 \u20197 \u24171 \u33258 \u24049 \u25512 \u25343 \u25353 \u25705 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u36864 \u20241 \u24460 \u30340 \u20182 \u65292 \u38500 \u20102 \u35469 \u30495 \u27835 \u30274 \u33258 \u24049 \u30340 \u36523 \u39636 \u65292 \u36996 \u21644 \u20182 \u30340 \u22909 \u22821 \u20276 \u38515 \u37589 \u37528 \u24459 \u24107 \u65288 \u20063 \u26159 \u36889 \u27425 \u21516 \u34892 \u32773 \u65289 \u21512 \u38283 \u20102 \u19968 \u23478 \u24459 \u24107 \u20107 \u21209 \u25152 \u65292 \u20063 \u26159 \u24478 \u20182 \u21475 \u20013 \u25105 \u25165 \u24471 \u20197 \u35469 \u35672 \u20102 \u36889 \u20301 \u22312 \u27861 \u30028 \u20197 \u23241 \u24801 \u22914 \u20167 \u12289 \u19981 \u30031 \u27402 \u21218 \u36774 \u26696 \u39080 \u26684 \u33879 \u31281 \u30340 \u27298 \u23519 \u23448 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u34892 \u31146 \u36884 \u20013 \u32147 \u36942 \u19968 \u38291 \u24456 \u22823 \u30340 \u40255 \u31038 \u65292 \u20182 \u35611 \u20102 \u19968 \u20214 \u25105 \u19981 \u30693 \u36947 \u30340 \u20107 \u65306 \u22240 \u28858 \u36093 \u40255 \u30340 \u36938 \u25138 \u35215 \u21063 \u26159 \u19968 \u29983 \u19968 \u36093 \u21046 \u65292 \u22240 \u27492 \u39164 \u20027 \u28858 \u20102 \u31478 \u36093 \u33287 \u32147 \u28639 \u32771 \u37327 \u65292 \u21443 \u36093 \u36942 \u30340 \u40255 \u23376 \u23601 \u26371 \u34987 \u27578 \u27515 \u12290 \u22240 \u27492 \u20182 \u20497 \u27770 \u23450 \u24478 \u21046 \u24230 \u19979 \u25163 \u65292 \u20197 \u25197 \u36681 \u36889 \u31278 \u24920 \u32085 \u20154 \u23536 \u30340 \u29694 \u27841 \u65292 \u38283 \u22987 \u25512 \u21205 \u12300 \u20462 \u25913 \u36093 \u40255 \u36938 \u25138 \u35215 \u21063 \u12301 \u20844 \u25237 \u26696 \u65292 \u20358 \u25327 \u25937 \u36093 \u40255 \u30340 \u29983 \u21629 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u33287 \u22914 \u27492 \u23500 \u27491 \u32681 \u24863 \u30340 \u20445 \u32946 \u21205 \u29289 \u20154 \u22763 \u21516 \u34892 \u65292 \u33287 \u26377 \u27054 \u28937 \u65281 \u28858 \u25903 \u25345 \u20182 \u20497 \u30340 \u21191 \u27683 \u33287 \u29702 \u24819 \u65292 \u25105 \u21578 \u35380 \u38515 \u33891 \u65306 \u20844 \u25237 \u26696 \u33509 \u25104 \u26696 \u36890 \u36942 \u65292 \u25105 \u35201 \u21152 \u20837 \u36899 \u32626 \u65292 \u20006 \u22312 \u21271 \u37096 \u21332 \u21161 \u23459 \u20659 \u25512 \u21205 \u65281 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u38627 \u24471 \u22312 \u27492 \u32842 \u36215 \u20844 \u20849 \u20107 \u21209 \u65292 \u32681 \u24996 \u22635 \u33210 \u30340 \u24773 \u24875 \u35731 \u20154 \u24536 \u21371 \u20102 \u33139 \u30171 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E8%A6%AA%E5%AF%86%E6%88%B0%E5%8F%8B%E7%B4%A0%E7%9C%9F%E5%B8%AB%E6%AF%8D?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u35242 \u23494 \u25136 \u21451 \u32032 \u30495 \u24107 \u27597 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u25152 \u26377 \u30340 \u31532 \u19968 \u27425 \u32147 \u39511 \u32317 \u26159 \u29645 \u36020 \u30340 \u65292 \u27794 \u26377 \u24107 \u27597 \u30340 \u24341 \u34214 \u65292 \u23601 \u27794 \u26377 \u36889 \u36255 \u25105 \u30340 \u12300 \u34892 \u31146 \u12301 \u34389 \u22899 \u20316 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u24107 \u27597 \u23565 \u33021 \u37327 \u12289 \u20808 \u22825 \u27683 \u12289 \u31070 \u38728 \u30340 \u25935 \u35258 \u33021 \u21147 \u65292 \u35731 \u22905 \u31532 \u19968 \u27425 \u35469 \u35672 \u20102 \u21555 \u32769 \u24107 \u30340 \u40845 \u33032 \u23416 \u35498 \u65292 \u23601 \u24471 \u20197 \u30456 \u20114 \u27427 \u36062 \u21644 \u36776 \u35672 \u65292 \u20063 \u22240 \u27492 \u21463 \u36992 \u21443 \u21152 \u27492 \u27425 \u30340 \u34892 \u31146 \u27963 \u21205 \u65292 \u25105 \u21063 \u26377 \u24184 \u21516 \u34892 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u25105 \u33258 \u30693 \u20986 \u22806 \u26053 \u34892 \u65292 \u33258 \u24049 \u21482 \u26159 \u19968 \u20491 \u19981 \u26371 \u36896 \u25104 \u20182 \u20154 \u40635 \u29033 \u30340 \u21516 \u36938 \u32773 \u65292 \u20294 \u23565 \u26044 \u29031 \u39015 \u20182 \u20154 \u30340 \u33021 \u21147 \u38357 \u22914 \u12290 \u24107 \u27597 \u27604 \u25105 \u26356 \u26089 \u23601 \u38283 \u22987 \u33139 \u30171 \u65374 \u33139 \u24213 \u36215 \u27700 \u27873 \u65292 \u23565 \u36996 \u35201 \u25345 \u32396 \u36208 \u22909 \u24190 \u22825 \u12289 \u22909 \u24190 \u21313 \u20844 \u37324 \u36335 \u30340 \u20154 \u20358 \u35498 \u65292 \u36889 \u20301 \u32622 \u30495 \u26159 \u33268 \u21629 \u30340 \u20663 \u30171 \u40670 \u12290 \u23565 \u27492 \u65292 \u25105 \u38500 \u20102 \u25226 \u25105 \u35469 \u28858 \u36996 \u31639 \u22909 \u31359 \u30340 \u24460 \u24213 \u38795 \u20511 \u22905 \u20043 \u22806 \u65292 \u21029 \u28961 \u20182 \u27861 \u65292 \u20063 \u25552 \u19981 \u20986 \u20219 \u20309 \u37291 \u30274 \u24314 \u35696 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u21363 \u20415 \u22905 \u33139 \u30171 \u19981 \u24050 \u65292 \u22312 \u27492 \u27425 \u38627 \u24471 \u30340 \u34892 \u31146 \u27963 \u21205 \u36942 \u31243 \u65292 \u20381 \u28982 \u36305 \u21069 \u36339 \u24460 \u22320 \u28858 \u22823 \u23478 \u25293 \u29031 \u25885 \u24433 \u65292 \u20197 \u22905 \u29544 \u20855 \u24935 \u30524 \u30340 \u32654 \u24863 \u30524 \u20809 \u65292 \u28858 \u22823 \u23478 \u30041 \u19979 \u29645 \u36020 \u20521 \u24433 \u65307 \u20841 \u27425 \u20998 \u21029 \u22312 \u24503 \u31146 \u23546 \u21644 \u22823 \u20185 \u23546 \u65292 \u20381 \u28982 \u33021 \u22816 \u31435 \u36523 \u25402 \u25300 \u65292 \u20197 \u31337 \u23450 \u30340 \u37329 \u38622 \u29544 \u31435 \u12289 \u24339 \u27493 \u22238 \u36523 \u65292 \u27494 \u34269 \u20379 \u39178 \u22825 \u12289 \u22320 \u12289 \u31070 \u12289 \u20154 \u65292 \u21516 \u26178 \u28858 \u30526 \u29983 \u31048 \u31119 \u65292 \u22312 \u22580 \u30340 \u21516 \u34892 \u32773 \u28961 \u19981 \u35738 \u22022 \u33287 \u24863 \u20329 \u65281 \u26356 \u26377 \u21516 \u38971 \u20849 \u25391 \u32773 \u29105 \u28122 \u30408 \u30518 \u65292 \u33287 \u20854 \u30456 \u25793 \u32780 \u27875 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u22905 \u22312 \u30331 \u19978 \u30887 \u38642 \u23546 \u30340 \u23665 \u36335 \u19978 \u65292 \u25105 \u35211 \u22905 \u19968 \u21477 \u35441 \u37117 \u35498 \u19981 \u20986 \u20358 \u65292 \u21162 \u21147 \u35519 \u25972 \u21628 \u21560 \u12289 \u27493 \u27493 \u28858 \u29151 \u65292 \u29992 \u36229 \u24375 \u30340 \u27589 \u21147 \u33287 \u39717 \u24535 \u20811 \u26381 \u36889 \u27425 \u30340 \u25361 \u25136 \u65307 \u22823 \u23478 \u37117 \u30693 \u36947 \u22905 \u30340 \u33139 \u20663 \u65292 \u22312 \u21363 \u23559 \u21040 \u36948 \u32066 \u40670 \u30340 \u21322 \u36884 \u24179 \u22374 \u34389 \u65292 \u36887 \u36259 \u30340 \u28858 \u22905 \u27489 \u21628 \u20006 \u23459 \u31281 \u29554 \u24471 \u19979 \u27425 \u20837 \u23542 \u23665 \u38272 \u31080 \u12290 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/%E7%84%A1%E8%99%95%E4%B8%8D%E8%A1%8C%E7%A6%AA?__eep__=6&__cft__%5B0%5D=AZZ7pQ5BNrHEcO4sengwtoWe68PYIsIZrqzpcjyRhZbyQrmwmCD-XiJay0rxdG0wOt64XMllEu8f7Ucn_KqT8NA_KEzMDVGdWZ1MGabIf4CWxPJT-6-lx5V1uZnZ5Cl7Jkj0qYOwkDB1lHiX3-7LdbiFiu9LiRHsE2j1EjWUsqxMXI7p23eK7-zldRqCc-Fd1Ln1leSGwD-mlOqj9aaJl7tolCCKIuR36oA7H50HaSXvEQ&__tn__=*NK-y-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \uc0\u65283 \u28961 \u34389 \u19981 \u34892 \u31146 }}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u34892 \u31146 \u38538 \u20237 \u35041 \u33253 \u34382 \u34255 \u40845 \u65292 \u19981 \u20677 \u36523 \u25079 \u32085 \u25216 \u65292 \u36996 \u28415 \u26159 \u29105 \u24515 \u12289 \u40664 \u40664 \u30475 \u39015 \u20182 \u20154 \u36523 \u24515 \u30340 \u22909 \u22821 \u20276 \u65292 \u22521 \u40599 \u24107 \u22992 \u30340 \u38748 \u24515 \u23566 \u24341 \u12289 \u23432 \u33391 \u24107 \u20804 \u30340 \u37509 \u38012 \u30274 \u30290 \u12289 \u22025 \u24950 \u24107 \u20804 \u30340 \u23478 \u33293 \u21654 \u21857 ....\u26082 \u28165 \u24515 \u26356 \u26262 \u24515 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u40643 \u32768 \u36066 \u30340 \u22823 \u21733 \u22312 \u22823 \u20185 \u23546 \u20986 \u23478 \u65292 \u20182 \u21644 \u25105 \u20998 \u20139 \u20102 \u19968 \u23567 \u27573 \u22823 \u21733 \u20986 \u23478 \u26178 \u30340 \u23478 \u24237 \u24373 \u21147 \u65292 \u32768 \u36066 \u24107 \u20804 \u21162 \u21147 \u25744 \u36215 \u36889 \u20491 \u23478 \u65292 \u32780 \u20182 \u20497 \u30340 \u23229 \u23229 \u20063 \u24456 \u20553 \u22823 \u65292 \u28961 \u30031 \u30340 \u25903 \u25345 \u33879 \u27599 \u20491 \u23401 \u23376 \u30340 \u24819 \u27861 \u12290 \u22240 \u33879 \u20182 \u30340 \u20998 \u20139 \u65292 \u25105 \u25226 \u36889 \u27425 \u34892 \u31146 \u34314 \u21547 \u36947 \u25945 \u30340 \u31526 \u30908 \u35037 \u20633 \u65306 \u32972 \u24515 \u12289 \u30701 \u65332 \u12289 \u20196 \u26071 \u25308 \u35351 \u20182 \u25910 \u19979 \u65292 \u24863 \u35613 \u20182 \u31435 \u21051 \u33021 \u25026 \u65292 \u35731 \u25105 \u24118 \u33879 \u25918 \u39686 \u30340 \u24515 \u24773 \u36820 \u23478 \u12290 \cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u35201 \u22238 \u23478 \u20102 \u65292 \u26410 \u20358 \u30340 \u12300 \u36335 \u12301 \u35201 \u32380 \u32396 \u12300 \u36208 \u12301 \u65281 \u36208 \u33879 \u36208 \u33879 \u65292 \u25110 \u35377 \u26377 \u19968 \u22825 \u30495 \u33021 \u21443 \u36879 \u31146 \u27231 \u65281 \u24863 \u35613 \u36889 \u22235 \u22825 \u25152 \u26377 \u30340 \u30456 \u36935 \u65295 \u36973 \u36935 \u12290 \
\
The activity of traditional faith is often the restoration of a divine event in a certain space and time, which is the origin of faith, and the ancestors of Shimizu are worshiped as gods.\cb1 \
\cb3 The typical example in Taiwan is "Bi Yun Passing Spense". Every year, he welcomes Guanyin Buddha and 18thchong Creek around the border. The original master Yingxiang took Guanyin Buddha to open the mountain in Biyun Temple. At the time of the Zhang Bing incident, he took Guanyin Buddha to live the history of 18\cb1 \
\cb3 A hundred years after Biyun passed away, Master Yingxiang returned to Dongshan to serve as the pioneer of welcoming Guanyin Buddha. In 2026, he was finally restored by the "Biyun Walking Zen" student from the inner sea of Da Nang to the path of holiness of Biyun Temple.\cb1 \
\cb3 In fact, the believers in the northern tour of Bamboo Tsai Hong Kong every four years are already making the historical ring. They wear the moon with the stars, sleep in the moon, eat the meal style, shoulder to shoulder, and ascetics for seven days and six nights. They have\cb1 \
\cb3 Biyunxing Zen made up a small gap. From Dongshan, accompanying Master Yingxiang to send Guanyin Buddha to Biyun Temple. This journey completed the history of Yingxiang Zen and Guanyin Buddha in Dongshan. Afterwards, Master Yingxiang took the believers of Zhu Tsai Hong Kong and Xing Zen students back to the Tai Sin Temple. At the Grand Master Temple, the eighth generation abbot of Biyun Temple met in front of the statue of Master Dharma. The temple ring stone of the Grand Master Temple engraved "Sakura Smile at the Spirit Mountain Meeting" to the Zen origin of the 28th ancestors Bodhidharma in the west. The temple is the original Zen ancestor of East East to East Taiwan, the ancestors of Yingxiang, the ancestors of Taiwan's native Baogu, and the ancestors of the first people of Taiwan. This symbolizes the root of Zen in Taiwan.\cb1 \
\cb3 From the Wenxing Palace of Zhizai Hong Kong, the Tai Wan Jung Fa Temple, the Dongshan Baguio Temple, the Volcanic Biyun Temple to the Tai Sin Temple, the forms of faith include the most typical traditional palace, the home-style quiet dojo, the folk Buddhist style of the front and after the Buddha, the temple, and the Buddhist jungle temple. This covers almost all aspects of the Buddhist faith of most Taiwanese people, the sacred space and historical restoration of the sacred space and history stringed by the Biyun and the Biyun Zen Temple, as well as the "Ling Mountain Meeting" by the Dharma Master, Yingxiang, the Buddha, and the Master's Master of the Da Xian Temple. This proves that the spiritual core of Taiwan's rich and diverse\cb1 \
\cb3 This also shows that the Zen master took Guanyin Buddha into the mountains to practice, walked into the folk, and placed the Guanyin Buddha in the back hall of the palace, popularized by Taiwan's mazu, Wang Yan, Lord of God, Lord of the Avenue.... The faith is designed.\cb1 \
\cb3 Taiwan's grandpa, Master Yingxiang, Master Baoqi, and Master Pao Zeng, after the practice, the spirit of freedom can return to the western soil, why did the ancestors choose to stay on earth? Because the gluten Taiwanese need guidance, maintain a thread of spiritual guidance in a high degree of faith passion, a clue that leads to the highest law of religious belief... "Zen".\cb1 \
\cb3 The ancestors put their hearts on the heart, speak with actions, and still speak after death. If Taiwanese can learn from it, the pure doctrine of this increasingly rampant traditional belief can be proud of their own faith. To realize the inner spirit of your own faith, you must remember to come to the aphel after serving the Lord God of the former temple, and Guanyin Buddha will teach you as if he taught the Lord God of the former temple, teach you to return to the spiritual homeland.\cb1 \
\cb3 Every palace dedicated to Guanyin Buddha is the design of the same doctrine. Traditional beliefs should be quiet. In worship of God, don't forget that clay and wood carving are "spirit", and in your physical body there is the same "spirit", "heart and heart marks". In fact, it is "spirit and spirit marks". Self is the Buddha, and Taiwanese ancestors are the model, pointing the way.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 The clock is a musical instrument and a magic instrument;\cb1 \
\cb3 Bells, music, and god.\cb1 \
\cb3 - Talk about the "Block Bell Incident" in Dharma Drum Mountain\cb1 \
\cb3 The Spring Festival holiday has already passed, and the "bashing bell incident" of Fa Drum Mountain on New Year's Eve has not only not subsided, all kinds of discussions have even been fired My political layman does not want to be caught up in the pan-politicization of everything; I just want to think about this event in my own business, here in the phenomena of "bells" and "bells". Yes, yes, the focus of attention in this debate is the female party chairman and the red line she holds on to the crash wood; I think the low, mulling "Fawar bell" is the key to the whole "strange thing".\cb1 \
\cb3 The reason why the bell is a unique instrument is mainly its "tone": when the bell is sounded, due to its unique metallic material and hollow structure, it will resonate deeply - its three octaves, and the five and three degrees formed by the main sound, all sounding together, and clearly reflects the so-called "overtonone" phenomenon in music. Overtone is a physical phenomenon of nature, but it has become the origin of human music development, whether it is the formation of the ancient "Pythagorean law" in the West or the ancient "five degrees" law in the East, all based on the main interval in the overtonone.\cb1 \
\cb3 Overtone main range became the "law" and "norm" of sound, and was valued by ancient religions and politics. Bells and bells are the most important instruments on the "hall", whether in the East or the West, and its "loud voice" and "big bell to the right" sound is enough to give religious or political sense of ritual and establish authority. The clock is therefore not only a musical instrument, but also a magic instrument. The bell is not only stable and solemn, but also mysterious, and far-flung, so it has become a religious "God", enough to penetrate into people's hearts, and with its own full resonance, it stimulates people's deep inner resonance, making people "skin" (chicken feathers).\cb1 \
\cb3 On New Year's Eve, the female party chairman, at the last three rings of the "Fahua Bell" 108th, gradually became uneasy and trembling, and the red candles she held in her hands were also shaking very clearly. Some people cut in from the perspective of "metaphysics", saying that she was "inspired" or "punished"; some people interpret it from a political perspective, thinking that she was "multiple acts There are also a minority of theorists who cut in from a scientific point of view, doing psychological interpretation, believing that the bell and Sanskrit act simultaneously, the parties are suffering the resonance due to excessive sensitivity, hysterical "shaking". Is that the truth? Probably only the parties know best, and the onlookers are just doing "brain supplement".\cb1 \
\cb3 Why is the sound of the fawar bells enough to penetrate deep into the human lungs and even make people with allergies shake? Those who can\'92t be there may have to imagine for themselves: 25 tonnes (25,000 kg) weight, 500kg thicker than a human body, the rumbling sound of a 500kg log "bell" will really shock, not inferior to the "bourdon" on the southern bell tower of Notre Dame in Paris, the most famous in Europe. Moreover, Notre Dame's big clock called "Emmanuel" is a few smaller than the French Clock - it weighs "only" 13 tons (more than 13,000 kg). Check out the video attached to the message bar. The person who pulls the bell must wear earplugs so they don't break their ears. Unlike the French bell, however, "Emanuel" is placed on a sixty-metre-high clock tower, its bells can fly over the city; the fawar bell tower is built on a hillside, the bells float between the mountains and the woods, blending with nature. The Hebrew word "Emanuel" means "God is with us"; this clock, fully rendered by Hugo in The Bell Tower, miraculously survived the fires of previous years, adds to its legend.\cb1 \
\cb3 Let\'92s see the shock of the sound of the bells through a piece of music: La Vague et la cloche (first draft 1871), a song by French \'93end of the century\'94 composer Henri Duparc. In the song, the author of the original poem first dreamt that the boat he was driving was engulfed by the waves; then he dreamt of climbing a bell tower, being drowned by the sound of the bells, the waves and the sound waves are just two sides of the same, the two are unseemly connected. The video attached to the message bar, starting at 2:28, is the passage of the bells. Please note how the piano part sets off the bells and how the soloist screams out the dreamer's helplessness, just like the parties involved in this "bell crash". If you're interested, go online and find an orchestra version of this song, where the shock of the bells is expanded by the whole band.\cb1 \
\cb3 At this point, a thought suddenly arose: Why not make a speech one day and introduce "bells and music". Not only the white man, Paganini, Liszt, Musoski, Debussi, Mahler, Rachmaninoff, etc. to Arvo P \'e4rt (born 1935). At the same time, we also appreciate how the music creators here operate the Eastern image of the bells - just the Tang poem "Hand Mountain Temple outside Guusu City, at the middle of the night to the passenger ship" has inspired many different creations, songs, solo works,\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf5 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 I saw Professor Chen Yu-jing's article a few years ago, and I learned that the early traditional temple in Taiwan was mostly created by Zen masters. For example, the Chaotian Palace in Beigang was created by a tree monk. The front hall is dedicated to Mazu, and Such a fusion of Buddhist Tao also makes it easier for ordinary people to get close to the gods without agents or complicated rituals, which also reflects the spirit of Buddhism's "no distinction". Therefore, the everyday Chinese language also incorporate Zen words, such as: doubtless, knowledge/unknowing...\cb1 \
\cb3 At the end of last year, I participated in the Biyun walking Zen organized by Yao Mingxian and Teacher Wu Xiangxiang. The emphasis on silence between marching naturally touches the mode of dialogue, which also provides another form of participation in traditional faith, unlike the multiple sound and light stimulation. The whole walk took four days and traveled 100 km. The planning of the journey traces the path of Master Ying Xiang's enlightenment. During the Qing Jiaqing period, Yingxiang Zen master arrived from Dong Quanzhou to Taiwan, landed from Da Nang (now Yongan Kaohsiung), became the third generation abbot at Guanzi Tai Sin Temple. After that, Biyun Temple was created to open the mountain abbot of Biyun Temple. During this period, the people changed Zhang Bing incident and was burned down. The grandpa took Guanyin Buddha to the east mountain and built the Baguio Temple. Finally, the ancestors died here. Then the gods of the ancestors returned to the place where they first landed, and were worshiped at the Wenxing Palace of Zhizai Hong Kong, Yongan District\cb1 \
\cb3 This time the walk started from Wenxing Palace. A group of about 35 people, with a special mountain palm cane made by Teacher Doo and Yang, walked through industrial areas, provincial roads, residential areas, fields, and beautiful scenery of the Jinan, and finally reached the Biyun Temple in the mountains and forests. Sometimes the sun is big, sometimes the wind is cold, from the place with the smell of sea breeze and acne, to the place with the smell of pheasant, experienced elder brother said: "It's time to start climbing, and after climbing the slope will come." " The "\cb1 \
\cb3 First night stay at the Grand Bay Jingfa Temple, was warmly welcomed by the staff of the Fang, super delicious vegan is unforgettable. Although the cold snap is coming and the snoring night goes up and down, the next day when I want to start, there is a wave of warmth flowing inside the body.\cb1 \
\cb3 On the second night I stayed at the activity center next to the six-minute Jade Zen temple in Shanhua. When I was approaching the village, there was a sound of guns to greet, and the palace staff would also deliver supplies such as In the evening, a solid and rich fruit king had 12 tables of veggies for us and the local folks. He said that 40 years ago, the grandpa was driving at the De Zen Monastery, and that night he prayed to have a foothold in society. From then on, as long as there is a team of grandpa to De Zen Monastery, he will be supportive.\cb1 \
\cb3 On the third night I stayed at Dongshan Baguio Temple, ready to join the next day Dongshan to welcome Buddha, which will become a team of about 20,000 people. The sky was not yet bright, and the Baguio Temple was filled with people waiting to drill their feet. The team of walking Zen was designated by the grandpa to walk in front of the temple. The streets were filled with incense cases, and there were spontaneous drink supply cars along the way. I also had the first experience of the temple on the way.\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for the good cause laid down by Master Ying Xiang, thank the host unit for the persistence of making the first walk of Zen a journey, adding another chapter to traditional religious activities. Thanks also for the conversational growth brought by fellow partners.\
\
When I was young, I used to climb mountains along Shantou Mountain. I took the new camp to reach Xian Gong Temple, climbing Shantou Mountain, Erjian Mountain, Lushan Mountain, and big and small\cb1 \
\cb3 Xian Gong musk incense is full of accommodation, but later I learned Fengshui that this shui was excellent. At that time, it was the representative dojo of Taiwan's Xianzu faith.\cb1 \
\cb3 About thirty years ago, the Xian Gong Temple was rebuilt, and the grand new temple was located on tiger sand. At that time, I felt very sad, and I didn't understand why the incense temple of the cave would leave the dragon acupuncture point and cover the side. This is equivalent to self-\cb1 \
\cb3 Leaving the acupuncture point, Gaia is not going smoothly. After 20 years, it gradually ended. During this period, there are more under the control of the underworld. The incense also seems deserted, out of the dragon's den, without touching the aura, it loses the attractiveness of the believer's pilgrim\cb1 \
\cb3 I once met a psychic who claimed to be able to encyclopedia, I asked for instructions to Zao Zu about this. Jiang Xianzu just laughed and didn't answer. This doubt continues to stay Until one day, standing in front of the parking lot looking up at the vertical rising back hill, suddenly understood! A rocky mountain drop will fall down or half like a bowling ball, and the caveman is foreshadowing future disasters and moving the site to safer locations.\cb1 \
\cb3 So climb the back hill trail, see the scale of the rocks, and fully understand why it's better to let incense be reduced than to leave acupuncture points, when the earthquake comes, casualties\cb1 \
\cb3 Last night's magnitude 5.7 earthquake, check the epicenter of the earthquake is on the south side of Shantou Mountain, and make sure that the foresight of Jiang Xianzu is more sure, this may be just a harbinger, really big has not arrived, continuous earthquake makes people nervous, this is also the earth's warning, people are prepared.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Midsummer hot, looking forward to the clear after a thunderstorm\cb1 \
\cb3 Waiting for the afternoon thunderstorm on the mountain with my wife\cb1 \
\cb3 Looking out over the southern mountains through the restaurant glass window\cb1 \
\cb3 Nanhua Neiwu Mountain Lianfeng, Wang Bin, Mirror Mountain, Jianshan Mountain, Dragon Boat Mountain, Beihu Mountain... From near and far... Da Lushan, Zhong Lushan, Chai Mountain.\cb1 \
\cb3 Mountain type has the name of mountains. I can identify most of the peaks when I walk the mountains all year round.\cb1 \
\cb3 Suddenly I found that the farthest part of Zhonglushan is just behind the low line between Wang Bin and Dragon Boat Mountain.\cb1 \
\cb3 A steep mountain shadow stands between the divide and the middle mountain, the layers of the distant mountains are not visible\cb1 \
\cb3 Taking photos with computer enhanced contrast, the shape of the mountain appears\cb1 \
\cb3 That mountain turned out to be Ma Tau Mountain\cb1 \
\cb3 And right behind Ma Tau Mountain is the main peak of Zhonglu Mountain.\cb1 \
\cb3 The location of my photo is Huotou Mountain, you can see that the previously discovered Zhongliang Mountain, most of the Ting Mountain, and Ma Tau Mountain are on\cb1 \
\cb3 And this axis continues northward through Mount Tiger\cb1 \
\cb3 To confirm this, mark these mountains on satellite image and draw the connection\cb1 \
\cb3 As a result, this line passes through Tiger Mountain impartially and then connects to the top of the second top of the outer mountain of Osan Mountain.\cb1 \
\cb3 Erjian Mountain, Huotou Mountain, Ma Tau Mountain, Most of the Ting Mountain, Zhongliang Mountain are actually on the same axis!!!!\cb1 \
\cb3 What an incredible thing this is\cb1 \
\cb3 From Tainan to Kaohsiung's vast hills, these peaks with important status in Fengshui are distributed in the essence of the southern Taiwan dragon veins that fall from Yushan, showing such a delicate layout.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you can understand the meaning of these mountains on feng shui, you can understand my amazement!\cb1 \
\cb3 This is what I've been saying again and again... The topography of the earth is carefully arranged and designed by the creator.\cb1 \
\cb3 How is this powerful creation that can take billions of years to extract the form of mountains and rivers and then inject energy and give meaning?\cb1 \
\cb3 Through the eyes of Fengshui people, this arrangement sends a clear message to humans\cb1 \
\cb3 Can you not be in awe before this ability?\cb1 \
\cb3 Before such a grand display, if anyone still thinks dragon veins are nonsense\cb1 \
\cb3 It's ridiculous short-sighted.\
\
Yesterday's big news in Taiwan's cultural and historical circles was that during the underground process of Tainan Railway, a batch of armament bombs was dug near the city of Great Bei Gate ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tw.news.yahoo.com/share/1bf814ce-ba3e-353f-99dd-77c0f8e5cd52"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 https://tw.news.yahoo.com/.../1bf814ce-ba3e-353f-99dd...}} @TAG). Although it was actually old news five years ago, I am still very concerned to see\cb1 \
\cb3 However, most reports are unclear about the possible source of this batch of ammunition. Only that Shen Bin established a gunpowder bureau in the late Qing dynasty (now the Daegyuan area), so maybe the ammunition of the Gunpowder Bureau was placed nearby, and later the Japanese came in, they were buried in the ground for some unknown reason! Is this really the case?\cb1 \
\cb3 Today, the "Tainan Cultural Property Protection Association" invited Dr. Zhu Zhengyi, the host of the excavation project at the site, to speak at the Buxi Temple. This... It's a coincidence too!? How can I let go of such an opportunity! So I attended and participated ~I would like to hear what I want to hear!\cb1 \
\cb3 According to teacher Zhu Zhengyi, the batch of guns, bullets, and guns are all front and front guns, that is, they need to be loaded with gunpowder packs from the muzzle or muzzle, and then ignited with a torch from the back. This type of gun and shell existed in Taiwan, at least before 1880 AD (from the late Ming Dynasty to the middle and late Qing Dynasty, basically this kind of "front load" design), so it is equivalent to indirectly negating that this batch of bullets and weapons are leftovers from the Gunpowder Bureau during the Shenyang period (the probability is very small).\cb1 \
\cb3 However, the explosion was in the back. If the location of the batch of bombs and weapons was unearthed with the Qing Dynasty's "Street Map of Tainan Fu City" (painted by students of Fuzhou Shipbuilding Academy, claimed to be Taiwan's first accurate scale city map made with modern surveying techniques), it was found that it almost overlapped with the famous anti-Qing base of the Qing Dynasty, the "Huangqi Temple" (high accuracy). Therefore, Teacher Zhu Zhengyi pointed out that this batch of ammunition and weapons may be relics from the Ming Dynasty (the author's note: depending on the degree of iron blocks, it may be buried under the ground for more than 200 years), the predecessor of the "Huangqi Temple" may even be part of Chen Yong\cb1 \
\cb3 Of course, you can't arbitrarily determine that the batch of bullets and weapons are left over from the Ming Dynasty period just by the overlapping of the location. An important photo ignored by most reports yesterday is an unearthed "helmet" map. The helmet, according to Mr. Zhu Zhengyi's speculations, is obviously different from the two-piece military helmet after the Qing Dynasty, and may also belong to the Ming Dynasty. If so, this batch of bullets and weapons are the remains of the Ming Dynasty or the anti-Qianlong Temple in the middle and late Qing Dynasty, the possibility of pre-buried underground bullets and weapons has increased greatly. After all, the weapons are valuable and rare\
\
Today is Bi Yun's lecture, nearly three hours of speech in the morning, and four palaces in the afternoon, I call this energy calibration, and walking Zen is the first time to incorporate dragon energy into the foot of traditional faith, for this very abstract and attractive topic, it is a great challenge to bring people into the situation.\cb1 \
\cb3 Friends from Hungary also came to participate, the energy interaction along the way confirmed the accuracy of the dragon veins I took in the past, she also watched the reaction of everyone, understood what I told her about the difficulties of dragon veins education, this trip ended up letting everyone sit in the back hall of the Qingshui Temple, dull a lot of information for the day, digesting this new experience, she saw remarkable results, it was a successful spiritual\cb1 \
\cb3 Biyun walk Zen finally came to the stage of actual progress, there are so many things I want to convey, I always feel that I miss a lot of things, limited time, can't be simplified, without the help of the gods and dragon veins, I could not have done\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u12304 Why build the Suao Creek floodway? What are the expected benefits? \u12305 \cb1 \
\cb3 Su'ao caused a serious disaster due to the heavy rains associated with Typhoon Phoenix, the second domestic flood diversion tunnel project, "Su'aoxi flood separation tunnel project", approved for construction in 2023, has aroused concern.\cb1 \
\cb3 Su'ao Creek flood distribution project originates from Typhoon Meggie. The expected benefits are not only to prevent major embankments from flooding, but also to reduce flooding in the area.\cb1 \
\cb3 Central News Agency collates the implementation of flood distribution by Shanzi, the first flood distribution tunnel in China, and the outline of the Su'aoxi flood diversion tunnel project. Let you know how the flood separation channel can help reduce flood risk.\cb1 \
\cb3 \
Joining {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/wu.ming.xian.875145?__cft__%5B0%5D=AZaTQEcOcbaGTxuLXrEr20qqWOZgi6u5bx-rN_C6-V17ZWzZF6rnPddbs-O0NY3i9j2sjMTBOxpV0nuQ_ZQmNwrNWZ3H-p8WIoC1h5HesMXafaYcN0C2fWYFrHUhfRyMsMfg5Q802qXYIdLIlxWDavC0z_RbyXTV7NaHPgO9pH8UHw&__tn__=-%5DK-R"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf5 \uc0\u21555 \u26126 \u25010 }} teacher's dragon veins grounding trip today again\cb1 \
\cb3 Also visiting Dragon Ball again\cb1 \
\cb3 The morning lecture was awesome\cb1 \
\cb3 Teacher Wu selflessly shared half of his life's deep learning in the dragon veins\cb1 \
\cb3 I finally understand why Teacher He always praises Taiwan as a high energy and high vibration island\cb1 \
\cb3 Teacher He sits in meditation every day and receives high frequency energy blessing Taiwan\cb1 \
\cb3 Decades as a day\cb1 \
\cb3 The healing I am doing now is also taught by Teacher He\cb1 \
\cb3 Teacher Wu said Dragon Ball also mentioned the guidance of Gao Spirit\cb1 \
\cb3 Both teachers are human beings\cb1 \
\cb3 Back to human beings as human beings\cb1 \
\cb3 Actually a hub\cb1 \
\cb3 Receiving is passing and giving\cb1 \
\cb3 It's going to live him out\cb1 \
\cb3 This person is here and now\cb1 \
\cb3 Celebrating the new earth\cb1 \
\cb3 Everything is like\cb1 \
\cb3 Every time I write these "can't see" words\cb1 \
\cb3 My sister doesn't understand me very well\cb1 \
\cb3 Theory of \uc0\u21482 \cb1 \
\cb3 Don't know too much\cb1 \
\cb3 Sensing and touching are better than words\cb1 \
\cb3 Gao Ling \cb1 \
\cb3 People in heaven and earth enter each other\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}