{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Happiness is not a fleeting emotion or the result of satisfying desires. Instead, it is a profound state of spiritual balance and peace that arises from connecting with the eternal inner light of one's spirit. This connection with inner light is the key to achieving spiritual purity and lasting happiness.\
\
In today's world, many people seek happiness through external means. They believe that acquiring material possessions, fame, fortune, or the perfect relationship will bring them happiness. However, this pursuit often leads to disappointment and suffering because external factors are impermanent and constantly changing. The external world operates on the principles of desire and aversion, where one is constantly seeking things they desire and avoiding things they dislike. This way of living leads to a cycle of ups and downs and can never bring lasting happiness.\
\
True happiness, on the other hand, is an internal state of being. It is about recognizing that happiness is already within us, but it requires us to look inward and connect with our inner light. This inner light is the essence of our spirit, and it is unchanging and eternal. When we seek happiness by focusing on this inner light, we can attain a state of spiritual balance and strength that transcends the transient joys of the external world.\
\
Consider this story: \
\
Once, a young man approached the Buddha and said, "I want happiness, but I cannot find it anywhere."\
The Buddha replied, "Bring me a handful of salt."\
The young man did as instructed, and the Buddha said, "Now, put this salt into a cup of water and drink it."\
The young man did so, making a disgusted face as he tasted the salty water.\
The Buddha then said, "Now take another handful of salt and put it in the nearby river. Then, bring me water from the river."\
The young man followed the Buddha's words, and this time the water from the river was fresh and pure.\
\
The Buddha smiled and said, "Happiness is like that cup of water. When you hold onto worries and desires like the salt, your life becomes bitter and unsatisfying. But when you let go of those attachments, your life becomes as fresh and pure as the river water. True happiness comes from within when you release the burdens that weigh you down."\
\
To achieve this state of happiness and spiritual purity, there are two primary paths: the outer way and the inner way. The outer way involves practicing mindfulness, letting go of negativity, and reflecting on the concept that "happiness is a warm puppy." This path emphasizes simplicity, positivity, and the importance of releasing negative thoughts and emotions. By consistently practicing mindfulness and letting go of negativity, individuals can elevate their state of mind and experience happiness in the simplicity of life.\
\
The inner way, which is considered more profound, involves meditation and connecting with the inner light or spiritual illumination. Meditation is a powerful tool for reaching a higher state of consciousness and experiencing the clear light of reality, also known as the Dharmakaya. By focusing on the inner light, individuals can gain wisdom, transcend the limitations of the self, and see life in its greater truth. This practice leads to inner peace, happiness, and a deeper understanding of existence.\
\
A skilled teacher or guide is essential in helping individuals navigate the inner way. An enlightened teacher can direct students toward the various dimensions of spiritual illumination and empower them to experience the light directly. This guidance accelerates the journey toward spiritual purity and happiness.\
\
Happiness and purity come from a focus on being practical in life. While spiritual pursuits are crucial, having financial stability can provide a buffer against the stresses and distractions that financial difficulties can bring. Having enough financial resources can support one's spiritual practice and overall well-being, reducing unnecessary suffering.\
\
In conclusion, spiritual purity and lasting happiness are not elusive goals but attainable states of being. They require a shift in focus from external desires to the inner light of one's spirit. Through mindfulness, meditation, and the guidance of an enlightened teacher, individuals can connect with their inner light, transcend suffering, and experience profound spiritual balance and happiness. The choice to pursue this path is a profound decision that can lead to a lifetime of fulfillment and peace.}