{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meditation is a profound practice that has the potential to bring about a radical transformation in our lives. Let's explore how meditation when understood and practiced correctly, can lead us from the awareness of self and the transient finite world to the awareness of infinity and the essence of life. We will delve into the idea that meditation is more than just a tool for relaxation and inner peace \'96 it is a path to liberation and a gateway to experiencing greater love in all aspects of our existence.\
\
The Changing Definition of Meditation\
\
Over the years, the definition of meditation has evolved. Many practitioners, even those in monastic traditions, often associate meditation with calming the mind, achieving relaxation, and finding inner peace. While these are valuable outcomes of meditation, they only scratch the surface of its potential. In this discourse, we propose a more profound definition of meditation: "Meditation is stopping thought."\
\
The Essence of Meditation: Stopping Thought\
\
Meditation, at its core, is about transcending the incessant chatter of the mind. Imagine your mind as a clear lake with a treasure, represented by gold, hidden at its bottom. Thoughts are like waves on the surface of this lake. As long as these waves persist, the treasure remains obscured from view. The conventional approach to meditation often involves calming the waves slightly to catch glimpses of the treasure's reflection. However, true meditation seeks to completely still these waves so that the treasure can be directly accessed.\
\
In essence, meditation is about going beyond thought, transcending the limitations of self-centered thinking, and entering a realm of boundless awareness. When we achieve this state, our minds become like the vast open blue sky, unobstructed by the constant flight of thoughts.\
\
The Transformative Power of Meditation\
\
Meditation is not merely a practice of quieting the mind; it is a means of entering the dimensions of light and enlightenment. By going beyond thought, we gain access to profound wisdom and heightened awareness. This process purifies our minds, allowing us to see life in its truest form.\
\
One of the most significant transformations that meditation offers is the liberation from suffering and limitations. It dispels the illusion of personal history, fears, and desires. Through meditation, we dissolve the mental models and concepts that confine us, revealing our higher self\'97a limitless field of light. In this state, the anxieties of tomorrow, the burdens of yesterday, and the constraints of self-doubt fade away.\
\
States of Mind and Perception\
\
States of mind determine our perception of reality. Just as a window can offer a view of the ocean or a dark alley, our state of mind shapes how we perceive the world. Meditation, therefore, is the practice of shifting to higher and brighter states of mind. It allows us to see life with new eyes, unburdened by personal limitations.\
\
In the story of Milarepa, we witness how a person living in poverty and hardship can perceive the world as a realm of enlightenment, magic, power, light, beauty, love, and happiness. The transformation in Milarepa's awareness is a testament to the power of meditation to shift one's perception of reality from suffering to transcendence.\
\
The Role of an Enlightened Teacher\
\
While meditation is a personal journey, the guidance of an enlightened teacher can be invaluable. A skilled teacher can not only transmit their own high states of mind but also provide the necessary discipline and focus for effective meditation. Learning from a teacher is akin to being initiated into an ancient art, where knowledge and power are transferred through experience.\
\
The Invisible Practice\
\
Meditation is an invisible practice that goes beyond mere physical appearances. It is not about sitting still and thinking random thoughts; it is about transcending thought altogether. In the vast blue sky of our minds, thoughts are like birds, some benign and others disruptive. Through meditation, we learn to soar higher, above the reach of these disruptive thoughts, and access the boundless dimensions of light.\
\
Conclusion: Meditation as the Path to Greater Love\
\
In conclusion, meditation, when understood and practiced as the art of stopping thought, becomes a transformative journey. It takes us beyond the limitations of the self, personal history, and transient concerns. It shifts our states of mind and perception, allowing us to see life in its true beauty and light.\
\
Meditation is not just a tool for relaxation or inner peace; it is a pathway to enlightenment, liberation, and, ultimately, greater love. It helps us cultivate a profound connection with our higher selves and the infinite consciousness of the universe. Through meditation, we can radiate love, wisdom, and compassion to all beings, transcending the boundaries of ego and realizing the interconnectedness of all life.\
\
In the end, meditation is not merely a practice; it is a way of life. It is a journey that leads us to embrace love in its purest form, extending love for ourselves, love for others, and love for the divine. As we continue to meditate and explore the dimensions of light within us, we move closer to realizing our true potential and the ultimate truth of our existence: that love is the essence of life, a transformative power that can lead us to greater love in every aspect of our lives.}