{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red60\green64\blue68;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red5\green10\blue30;\red65\green128\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c30196\c31765\c33725;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c1569\c4706\c15686;\cssrgb\c31373\c59216\c100000\c18039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Creating comparison videos for affiliate marketing on YouTube is an excellent strategy for beginners. It not only provides valuable information to your audience but also showcases multiple affiliate products at once. Here's a step-by-step guide on how to do it, along with a hypothetical example and potential earnings.\
\
Step 1. Choose products in the same category that you want to compare. Ensure these products are relevant to your audience and available through your affiliate programs.\
Example. If you're into technology, you might compare the latest smartphones like the iPhone 13, Samsung Galaxy S21, and Google Pixel 6.\
Step 2. Research each product thoroughly. Understand their features, pros, cons, pricing, and user experiences. Be Unbiased. Maintain an objective viewpoint to build trust with your audience.\
Step 3. Plan Your Video. Outline the Comparison. Structure your video to cover all aspects of the products - design, performance, price, etc.\
Storyboard. Plan how you'll visually present each product. Consider showing the products side by side, using graphics to compare features, etc.\
Step 4. Create your video content. Make sure your presentation is clear, engaging, and professionally executed.\
Editing. Edit the video to make it concise and visually appealing.\
Step 5. Optimize and Upload\
S E O Optimization. Use relevant keywords in your video title, description, and tags to optimize for YouTube search.\
I use Vid I Q. 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 Vid IQ\'a0\cf5 \cb6 is the best YouTube S E O tool\cf3 \cb4 . The video S E O optimization tool helps a lot in title, tag, and description enhancements and for me meant the difference between making videos that got a few hundred views, to making videos that got over a million views. Click my Vid I Q affiliate link in the description below.
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \
Include Affiliate Links. Add your affiliate links in the video description. Clearly state they are affiliate links.\
Step 6. Promote Your Video. Share your video on social media platforms.\
Engage with Viewers. Respond to comments and questions on your video.\
\
For Example here is a video I did a couple years ago:\
Video Topic. "iPhone 13 vs. Samsung Galaxy S21 vs. Google Pixel 6 - Ultimate Smartphone Comparison"\
Affiliate Programs. Amazon Associates, Best Buy Affiliate Program\
Monthly Views. Assume 10,000 views on your video.\
CTR on Affiliate Links. A 5% click-through rate (500 clicks).\
Conversion Rate. A conservative 2% conversion rate (10 sales).\
Average Commission per Sale of $50 (sale price of $1,000 with a 5% commission).\
So with 10 sales multiplied by $50 in commission = $500 \cf2 Total Earnings\cf2  from this video.\
Comparison videos are a fantastic way for beginners to start affiliate marketing on YouTube. They provide valuable content for viewers and can generate significant affiliate income. Remember, success in affiliate marketing requires consistency, so keep producing high-quality content and refining your strategy over time.}